Princess Yao, why are you here?
The old man was found so quickly.
Let me see it.
Your Majesty, wait.
There are two beautiful people in blue.
What?
Princess Yao
You're not in the Palace of Detention.
What are you doing here?
Dare to pretend to be the blue beauty
Lie.
I see you're the one pretending to be the blue beauty.
The palace specifically asked to visit the Duke.
His Majesty did not remember the appearance of the blue-clothed beauty.
The opportunity to go to bed this time is not mine.
I assume that's your face.
I really want to give you face.
I see Your Majesty.
It turned out to be Princess Yao and Princess Bi.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is it...
Your Majesty, in fact I am your blue-clothed beauty.
Raw Powder
The Eastern Effect
And you, Princess Yao.
Didn't I forbid you?
Come to the center to gather something exciting
I am often proud of you.
You are becoming more and more lawless.
Your Majesty forgives.
I know I'm wrong.
Your majesty, I will not hide from you that bitch on the one hand and make her a lady.
Shut up.
From today on, I will revoke your authority in charge of the harem.
Go back to the bedroom.
Thinking behind closed doors.
One arrow two carved
Didn't you come and help the Lord to see the Lord laughing?
Yes.
Hey.
The smell of this person is familiar.